[Term Entry] SwiftUI Views: Rectangle (#1130)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/views/terms/rectangle/rectangle.md

---
Title: 'Rectangle'
Description: 'A rectangular shape aligned inside the frame of the view containing it.'
Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Rectangle'
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

The **`Rectangle`** view is a pre-built rectangular shape that is aligned inside the frame of the `View` containing it, and can be visually modified as desired.

## Syntax

```pseudo
var body: some View {
  Rectangle()
}
```

SwiftUI has several built-in shapes, such as a rectangle, circle, and capsule. The color and placement of each shape can be modified as needed.

## Example

Can change it to the desired shape by attaching a modifier to the `Rectangle`.

```swift
var body: some View {

>     Rectangle().fill(Color.green).frame(width: 100, height: 100).padding(20).background(Color.yellow).cornerRadius(10.0)

Author: I changed it ~!

}
```

> Order matters here; there is a yellow rectangle with a border width of `20 points` and a rounded corner of `10.0`. Additionally, there's a green rectangle that's `100 points` in length and `100 points` in width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Order matters here; there is a yellow rectangle with a border width of `20` points and a rounded corner of `10.0` points. Additionally, there's a green rectangle that's `100` points in length and `100` points in width.
```

Author: I changed it !

---
Title: 'Rectangle'
Description: 'A rectangular shape aligned inside the frame of the view containing it.'
Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Rectangle'
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

The **`Rectangle`** view is a pre-built rectangular shape that is aligned inside the frame of the `View` containing it, and can be visually modified as desired.

> SwiftUI has several built-in shapes, such as a rectangle, [circle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/circle), and capsule. The color and placement of each shape can be modified as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

SwiftUI has several built-in shapes, such as a rectangle, [circle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/circle), and capsule. The color and placement of each shape can be modified as needed.
```

---
Title: 'Rectangle'
Description: 'A rectangular shape aligned inside the frame of the view containing it.'
Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Rectangle'
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`rectangle`** A rectangular shape aligned inside the frame of the view containing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Rectangle`** view is a rectangular shape that is aligned inside the frame of the `View` containing it.
```

Author: I changed it !

> The **`Rectangle`** view is a rectangular shape that is aligned inside the frame of the `View` containing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Rectangle`** view creates a rectangular shape that is aligned inside the frame of the `View` containing it.
```

Reviewer: Upon further thought, maybe this works better

Reviewer: In addition, can we re-phrase this sentence?

```suggestion
The **`Rectangle`** view is a pre-built rectangular shape that is aligned inside the frame of the `View` containing it, and can be visually modified as desired.
```

Author: I changed it ! thank you ~!

## Syntax

```pseudo
var body: some View {
  Rectangle()
}
```

> SwiftUI has several built-in shapes, such as `Rectangle`, circles, and capsules, and you can create, color, and place each shape as needed.

Reviewer: Keep consistent here, either name all of them uppercased and in backticks (referencing the view in SwiftUI syntax), or all without backticks and lowercased (plain English).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SwiftUI has several built-in shapes, such as a rectangle, circle, and capsule. The color and placement of each shape can be modified as needed.
```

Author: I changed it !

> SwiftUI has several built-in shapes, such as a rectangle, circle, and capsule. The color and placement of each shape can be modified as needed.

Reviewer: Let's move the line onto line 17 and link https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/circle

Author: @yangc95 I change this please check!

## Example

> You can change it to the desired shape by attaching a modifier to the Rectangle.

Reviewer: - In Docs, we refrain from using I, we, you, etc.
- Let's wrap rectangle in backticks -> `Rectangle`

Author: I changed it !

> Can change it to the desired shape by attaching a modifier to the `Rectangle`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It can be changed to the desired shape by attaching a modifier to the `Rectangle`.
```

Author: @SSwiniarski Thank you I change this ~~ ! please check it !

```swift
var body: some View {
    Rectangle()
        .fill(Color.green)
        .frame(width: 100, height: 100)
        .padding(20)
        .background(Color.yellow)

>         .cornerRadius(10.0)

Reviewer: Let's not put indents on the modifiers

Author: i changed it !

}
```

> Order matters here; There is a yellow rectangle with a border's width of 20 and a rounded corner of 10. And there's a green rectangle that's 100 in length and 100 in width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Order matters here; there is a yellow rectangle with a border width of `20` and a rounded corner of `10.0`. Additionally, there's a green rectangle that's `100` in length and `100` in width.
```

Reviewer: Can we explicitly define the unit of measurement for all these numbers here?

Author: I referred to the units in the official document. There was no point for padding and no unit for corner radius. Do we need a unit for corner radius? If necessary, could you tell me which unit to use?

https://developer.apple.com/documentation/charts/chart/padding(_:_:)
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/view/cornerradius(_:antialiased:)

Reviewer: @rriver2 yeah, can we use the term "points." This is a unit that's specific to Apple it seems.

Author: I changed it !

This will display the following:

> ![ZStack](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/rectangle.png)

Reviewer: Cute!
